oh no, batman got captured by a scary monster. little batman must
feed the monster so the monster doesn't get hungry. the following code
tells batman to feed the monster. press start to see what happens

code: feed_monster

result:
batman fed the monster
the monster is happy





congratulations, batman survived the first day! little batman
woke up the second day and tries to feed the monster again, the monster
is not hungry and got mad at batman. the monster tells little batman
that is batman feed the monster again when the monster is not 
hungry, the monster is going to eat batman. little batman needs
to ask the monster if the monster is hungry before trying to feed it.

we can use the ask instruction to ask a question. 
    ask (question)
    yes: 
        (yes action)
    no: 
        (no action)
if the answer is yes, batman will do the yes action,
if the answer is no, batman will do the no action

code:
ask dropdown(monster is hungry, sky is blue, batman is sad)
yes:
    feed monster
no:
    do nothing

result:
monster is hungry, batman fed the monster
the monster is happy




the monster wants batman to pick some fruits for the monster to eat
the monster gave batman some post-it notes to write down the number
of each fruits to buy. you can write down a number on a post-it note
using the <- instruction

apples <- 3

this writes down the number three on a post-it note with the label apple
you can examine the number on this post-it note later by using the examine
instruction

apples <- 4
exaimne apples

the monster wants 13 apples and 7 bananas, write these down on post-it notes
so batman can remember latter






each time batman feeds the monster a fruit, he should update the post-it
notes for that fruit, he can do this using the <- instructions

apples <- apples - 1

this says, examine the current number written on the apples post-it note, 
erase what is written on the apples post-it note, then write down the number
minus one


the monster woke up very hungry, batman must feed the monster 20 times or else
he will be eaten, to do this, we write the instruction feed_monster 20 times,
but this is very long and we might miscount the number of feed_monster we write
which will cause batman to get eaten. instead, lets use a loop

a loop is something that execute a instruction multiple times, lets look
at the repeat until loop

feed <- 20
repeat until: feed is 0?
no:
    feed_monster
    feed <- feed - 1

what happened here? well we first write down the number of times we need to
feed the monster on a post-it note. then we check if the post-it note to see if
the number of times we still have to feed the monster is 0. if the answer is yes, 
we move on with our lives. however, if the answer is yes, we must feed the 
monster, and then update the post-it note. we decrease the number on the 
post-it note labeled feed by one. 




after living with the monster for a while, batman is beginning to understand
the monster's habits. everyday batman needs to pick 13 apples and 7 bananas.
batman then needs to try to feed the monster 20 times. each time batman must
check if the monster is actually hungry and only feed the monster if the monster
is actually hungry.





batman decided to escaped from the monster. in case someone else is captured
by the monster, batman decided to write down the recipes to keep the monster
happy.

recipe pick_23_apples:
    apples <- 23
    repeat until: apples is 0?
        pick apples
        apples <- apples - 1

this creates a recipe labeled pick_3_apples that teaches someone how to pick
23 apples. to follow the recipe, just write the recipe name

pick_23_apples

result:


write down the recipe for keeping the monster happy

